# Launch-Pad-Technical-Challenge

Q: All your friends have been asking you, what is Machine Learning? Some people think it is the solution to world hunger, while others think it is just a stupid fad. You want to show your friends that machine learning is powerful for certain circumstances, using examples that they can easily understand. Explain techniques and challenges with ML with respect to your example, and convince us that Machine Learning is not just a buzzword.

To me, Machine Learning(ML) is a set of algorithms that helps machines like computers to learn knowledge from examples and be able to apply them to new and similar cases. 

One really amazing example would be the text recognition feature on iphones' camera last years. When you face your camera to a section of text on books, slides, or posters, you will see the button that takes "shots" of text section and allows you to select any texts from that section. You can easily copy it to somewhere else. If you face it on a section of handwritten text, it can still recognize correctly most of the time! For many people it is really an amazing function, and I believe it is achieved with intensive application of ML. Imagine this scenario: you are attending a webinar with lots slides throughout the presentation, you want to copy some notes down from some slides, but if you copy them with your hand, it will take too much time and you might miss subsequent sections. So here it is! You can simply face your camera to that slide, and easily copy the texts onto your notes! Even if the presenter is showing some hand-written paragraphs, you can still recognize them with ML!

There are lots of challenges for sure in this application. For example, even in computers, there are many different fonts, and some of them are really hard to recognize, not to mention that everyone has different style of handwriting. To improve the accururacy of recognition, we need to collect extensive amount of traning data to try to cover as much font types as we can. We will set up a neural network just like a human brain, which will look through the traning data set and get some information from them, such as some parameters, or some features and their weights. The traning data set also contains labels for each data, such as the correct letter. For this example, we can take the pictures as lots of pixels, and try to see which pattern of layout corresponds to the letter "a", and also consider variations by calculating some tolerance differences. After traning the model, we will tune some hyperparameters of the neural network model based on its accuracy on validation data set, to further improve the accuracy. Finally, we will test our model on the test data set, to validate the final accuracy.

Another great example would be junk mail classification. You have definitely seen that some emails will directly go to your junk mail box, and usually they are surprisingly accurate! It is also achieved by ML. The model is trained to recognize some specific features in emails, and then classify them as normal email or junk mail.

As you can see, here are already two amazing and really helpful examples of ML in our daily life. These are just simple examples, and there are even more sophisticated ones that plays a more important role in our life, such as in auto-piloting.
